Revisit page meta descriptions in Core docs - Closes #738 (#753)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/update/source.adoc

= Source code
Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>

> :description: How to use the Lisk Core Source code to update Lisk Core to the latest version from source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: How to upgrade Lisk Core from source.
```
